Xiaonuo's condition can't wait any longer
Surgery is required as soon as possible
Please come and pay ASAP.
Hello
Xiaoya, let's have dinner together tonight
Excuse me.
I'm a little tired today and want to rest early.
Well, have a good rest.
Xiaoya
What's the hurry to find me?
First I need 5 million
As long as you can give me
I would do anything.
5 million Yeah
Simple as long as you are with me
5 million me to you
I promise you.
Sign the agreement
There are 5 million
It's yours now.
But you have to promise me
Don't betray me
Forever with me
Xiaoya
Let's have some fun
OK
sweet
Doctor Xiaonuo's illness is up to you
Please schedule surgery ASAP.
OK
Xiaonuo, don't worry.
It will get better soon.